# 面试英语2

### 自我介绍

Good afternoon , dear professors, I am glad I have the opportunity to introduce myself. My name is Li Penghui , I am 22 years old , from Jingzhou, Hubei province . I majored in mechanical engineering at Yangtze University since 2016. I consider I am a positive student, because my GPA is 3.4(point) , which helps me to rank on the top of my class。In addition, I have passed CET 6 with a score of 549 points. As well , I got the scholarship for two consecutive years.  I consider my advantage is that, once I work on something, I will persevere in handling it until it is completed.

Due to the recognition of the major and the transfer of interest, I choose Computer Science as my future development direction . Maybe I am not as good as a professional student in some aspects, but I believe I can make up for it through the efforts behind. Beijing Normal university is a very famous university and It is very outstanding in many disciplines. Moreover, Beijing is prosperous and has many chances for us students. It is an opportunity for most students to study here.

If I am fortunate enough to get access into Beijing Normal University, I will work hard to improve myself and look forward to make a breakthrough. That's all, Thank you for listening! 

早上好/下午，亲爱的教授们，很高兴我有机会自我介绍。我叫李鹏辉，今年22岁，来自湖北荆州。自2016年以来，我在长江大学攻读机械工程专业。我认为我是一名积极的学生，因为我的GPA为3.4（点），这使我位列班级之首，并且我还通过了CET 6并取得了549分。同样，我连续两年获得了奖学金。我认为我的优势在于，一旦我从事某项工作，我就会坚持不懈，直到其完成为止。

由于专业的认识和兴趣的转移，我选择计算机科学作为我未来的发展方向。也许我在某些方面不如专业学生好，但是我相信我可以通过背后的努力来弥补它。北京师范大学是一所非常著名的大学。它在许多学科中都非常出色。此外，北京十分繁荣，对我们的学生来说有很多机会。这对大多数学生来说既是机遇也是挑战。

如果我有幸进入北京师范大学，我将努力提高自己，并期待取得突破。我的介绍如上，谢谢您的倾听！

### 考研原因

Study as a master is a means to acquire knowledge and obtain better development in certain aspects. It is a pleasure to study subjects like Computer Science for a lifetime and l suppose this is the main reason that push me to take the Graduate Entrance Exam.  As well, l have been deeply impressed  by academic atmosphere.

### 你的家乡

I am from Jingzhou, a beautiful city from Hubei Province,well-known for Guan Yu in Sanguo period. 

Jingzhou performs an important role in Chinese history. It is the birthplace of Chu culture. Jingzhou is a significant battleground in Sanguo period. Certainly, ancient Jingzhou is some different form today's.

Until the 1990s, it was a prosperous and rich place. from then on, due to some objective reasons, Jingzhou's economy had not been very well.

### 你的家庭

My family is like many ordinary family and it has four members. My father and mother do some business in Haikou. My little sister study in middle school. I have studied at home with my grandma for a while. Maybe sometimes we have some arguments, but we really care about each other.

### 毕业论文

My Graduation thesis is Design of one-ton electric hoist. A hoist, is a small, lightweight lifting device that winds a drum with a wire rope or chain to lift or draw heavy objects. The electric hoist discussed in my article is a lifting device used under specific conditions. Wire rope electric hoist is a kind of light and small lifting equipment. It has been widely used in many places such as industrial and mining enterprises, warehouses, docks, etc.

### 最喜欢的课

Data Structure and Algorithm, and Calculus. Calculus provides a method for solving geometric and physical models. I can't confirm that I am very good at these courses, but I can make sure that these courses are significant to many science and technology subjects. In addition, my calculus teacher is very competent among those incompetent teachers.  I like calculus is partly for his instruction.

### 本科学校

My undergraduate school is Yangtze University. Yangtze is the official name of Changjiang in English. Yangtze University has three campuses and is located at Wuhan and Jingzhou. Its special field is Petroleum[pə'troʊliəm] major. However, with the decline of the petroleum industry and its geographical restrictions, the development of Yangtze University is not so good. Despite these, I still express my gratitude to my school , for it provides me with a decent enough environment and the students there are always warm-hearted. Thanks to my school for letting me understand the significance of hard work and making right choices.

### 为什么选择这个专业

Computer science has a profound theoretical foundation and extensive practical influence, and its result can also be fed back to traditional industries, including what my original major focuses on. Its development is indispensable for the future. Due to the recognition of the major and the transfer of interest, I chose Computer Science as my future development direction. 

### 读研规划

Under the guidance of my supervisor, I will choose research direction and its certain method. My target is to become a qualified scholar and a qualified engineer. I hope I can form systematic view of Computer Science, and also I hope I can have my own expertise. In order to achieve these, it is indispensable for me to extend my knowledge horizon and exert efforts on my own direction. 

### 爱好以及课余时间干了什么

I used to do some painting in my spare time, and I also have joined an art club. There was a time when I practiced sketching every day, and I felt a real sense of accomplishment when I realized that my painting skills were improving. I also like to read about film history and game industry, mainly through reading reviews in some internet forum. My favorite director is Kar Wai Wang, and my favorite films are in the Mood for Love and Perfect Blue. 

### 你的优缺点

 I guess my advantage is that, once I work on something, I will persevere in handling it until it is completed. I will feel a real sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turns out just as I'd planned. 

 I guess my weakness is that, Sometimes I would choose to get used to current situation or stereotype rather than to make some changes.

### 如果失败了怎么办

I consider failure may not be a bad thing for me, because it just proves that there is much room for me to improve myself. Certainly, Maybe I require some time to cheer up myself for leaving the shadow of the failure and think about how to get out of the frustrated life. I graduated last year, so I will push myself to hunter a job and search for a new meaningful goal for myself.

### 介绍一门专业课

Data structure explains the logical structure and storage structure of data and its operations.
The essence of program design is to choose a good data structure for a certain problem, and design a good algorithm.
Program = data structure + algorithm

An algorithm is a description of the steps to solve a specific problem. It is represented in a computer as a finite sequence of instructions, and each instruction represents one or more operations.

### 介绍自己最感兴趣的课题

Computer graphics. Although I have not learned it much, I consider using some techniques and mathematical method to draw images on the computer is a very romantic thing. I studied sketching when I was undergraduate, maybe that's a reason why I am interested in it. In addition, I also think NLP is a very interesting topic.

Computer graphics deals with generating images with the aid of computers. Today, computer graphics is a core technology in film, video games and computer displays, and many specialized applications. 

Its subfields include:

1. Geometry: ways to represent and process surfaces
2. Animation: ways to represent and manipulate motion
3. Rendering: generate a 2D image from a 3D model by means of computer programs
4. Imaging: image acquisition or image editing

Digital images include both vector images and raster images, but raster images are more commonly used.

### 最近看了什么书

CSAPP, Computer System: A Programmer's Perspective. I only read the first two hundred pages, which is the content of the first three chapters. The first chapter is an overview. The second chapter includes how the computer number represents and its manipulation. The third chapter includes how to use X86-64 Assembly Language to represent basic statements of the C programming language.